feat(eslint-plugin-fiori-tools): add "liveMode" rule for ODataV4 applications to display "GO" button in preview (#4851)
SAP/open-ux-tools: .changeset/khaki-queens-dream.md

---
'@sap-ux/eslint-plugin-fiori-tools': minor
---

> FEAT: Create a new rule to check live mode is not enabled in the manifest.json file of ODataV4 applications.

Reviewer: Do we want the tag [rule] in the change description?

Reviewer: It seems that we do not need this tag (any more).

> FEAT: Create a new rule to check live mode is not enabled in the manifest.json file of ODataV4 applications.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
FEAT: Create a new rule to check live mode is not enabled in the `manifest.json` file of OData V4 applications.
```
